>> No!
>> Shut up!
>> Come on.
[ Sound of gunfire ] >> Come on.
Come on.
Go, guys.
Let's go, chief.
Come on.
Chief, what are you doing?
>> You guys go on without me.
I'm slowing you down.
>> Chief, no.
>> We got to keep moving.
>> Quick, get back to the headquarters.
>> All right, let's do it again.
This time, make sure you jump over the box.
>> Fine.
I know.
>> Seriously?
>> What?
>> It's like 3 feet high.
>> Give me a break.
Yesterday, I pulled a muscle playing Wii tennis.
>> Wii tennis?
>> It's a physically demanding sport!
Ian?
>> What?
>> I finally make it over the box and you are standing here on your phone.
>> Hold on.
Greg sent me this hilarious picture of the party last night.
>> You need to pay attention.
You always have your phone while we are filming.
>> Well, I figured it would take you ten more times to jump over that box since you seem to be box jumping challenged.
>> I am sick of you being critical of my performance when you look at pictures of guys' butts on your phone when we are filming.
>> That picture was funny and you know it.
What are you doing?
Are you quitting or something?
>> Yes, I am quitting.
>> Fine!
Go ahead and quit.
But I am keeping the cameraman.
>> That's not fair.
I'm entitled to my fair share of that cameraman.
>> Fine, I will take him Monday through Thursday and you can have them Friday through Sunday.
>> He is Mormon.
He can't work on Sundays.
This is all my fault, isn't it?
I hate you guys.
>> Whatever, man.
I am out of here.
>> Fine.
I'll just get a new partner.
And he's going to be way funnier than you.
And he's going to be able to jump over boxes and laugh at pictures of people's butts and he's going to have a way cooler name than you like Ernesto or Fernando or Antwon, Pablo, Ian, Maria, Guadalupe, or Ian.
Yeah, I think I just covered about all the cool names.
Idiot.